Whoa, Uncle Phil
Did you lose a couple pounds?
Man, you lookin chisel. So what do you want the car for will public enemy kind of say jazz got two tickets
Use the car tonight
I'm going downtown to a world peace benefit hosted by Steven Segal besides I'd feel better knowing you had the car
especially if you're gonna be out again until 3:00 in the morning will
Your broken curfew entirely too many times you are grounded for a week
Revenge
Actually, I'm trying to find Hilary banks there's been a family emergency. I just haven't seen her around much since you dropped out of school
You can't tell mom and dad I'll do anything you want
Yes
You're going to want to hand wash these
We would like you to have this a list of things to do tomorrow night at the dinner table
Is he making you clean this room? No, will you clean mine I want these debate cards typed by tomorrow morning
double-spaced I
See it every day, don't you Hilary
Well
Will Smith is perfect
Will Smith is the scum of the earth
There it's okay what's done is done my lucky draw